Keeping
Up with the Kardashians...
>> KRIS: What are we gonna do
about St. Barths?
>> KIM: It's, like, the perfect
time for a family vacation.
I think we all need it.
I think we should just do all
girls.
>> KHLOE: This is the craziest
thing.
What does that even mean?
(busy signal)
>> KIM: Khloe changed her number
to have a clean start, and she
gets a call from Lamar.
>> KHLOE: This whole thing
shouldn't ever be happening.
>> KIM: Tell me one reason why
they should even communicate
after she's finally had the
balls to divorce him.
Khloe has done
everything in her power to try
and save this relationship.
Now that she's finally moved on,
my mom just kind of set
everything back.
>> KHLOE: You and I need a major
break from each other.
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> KHLOE: I think we need to be
separated.
>> KRIS: You guys go on this
vacation, I-I don't... I am just
gonna stay home.
>> KIM: Should I get a new
deodorant?
>> MASON: Yeah.
>> KIM: They have lavender and
white tea.
This is the kind of deodorant
Mom uses.
Do you think Mom smells?
>> MASON: No.
>> KIM: She doesn't?
>> KIM: I just feel like, since
I'm pregnant, my deodorant
hasn't been working the way that
I would like it to.
Do you even know what deodorant
is?
>> MASON: No.
>> KIM: No.
Deodorant is something... that
you put on your underarms so
that you don't really have to
sweat, or if you do sweat, it
doesn't smell bad.
Okay, wait.
You're gonna help me out, here.
Should I try this one?
Smell.
>> MASON: Yes!
>> KIM: That smells nice, right?
Okay, you hold that, since
that's a yes.
♪ ♪
Too strong?
I think too strong.
>> MASON: Too strong.
>> KIM: Okay.
(sniffs)
>> MASON: I want to smell.
That's good.
>> KIM: I think... okay.
So this is gonna be good, so we
just have two.
That's all we need, right?
>> MASON: Give me this.
>> KIM: So we are good.
Your mom will be so happy for
me, that I'm trying an
all-natural deodorant.
Do you even understand what this
means?
>> MASON: No.
>> KIM: Let's go tell her.
>> MASON: I don't understand
anything.
>> KIM: What?
♪ ♪
>> KYLIE: Hello?
>> CAITLYN: Hello!
>> KYLIE: Hey.
Oh, I love these chairs.
>> CAITLYN: I know, I got all
new furniture.
>> KYLIE: Where are these from?
>> CAITLYN: Some designer had
'em.
>> KYLIE: Wow.
>> CAITLYN: That's, actually,
like... they're really pretty
cool.
Come here. Sit down.
It's always interesting when you
come over.
You know why?
>> KYLIE: Why?
>> CAITLYN: I want to see what
color your hair is.
That's the only reason I invite
you over, you know that?
>> KYLIE: Mm-hmm.
>> CAITLYN: How you been?
>> KYLIE: Good.
>> CAITLYN: Kendall's been gone
a lot.
>> KYLIE: Yes.
>> CAITLYN: Are you sad?
>> KYLIE: I'm used to it.
>> CAITLYN: Not really?
You haven't thought about it?
>> KYLIE: No, I'm just used to
it.
>> CAITLYN: How's that Ferrari
working out?
>> KYLIE: It's really good.
>> CAITLYN: It kind of scares me
a little bit.
I have not seen you drive it.
To have a high-performance car
like that, you kind of gotta
know what you're doing.
So here's my deal: driving
school, at the racetrack.
You can bring that car out and
work it.
What do you think?
>> KYLIE: I'm down.
>> CAITLYN: You're down?
>> KYLIE: Since my dad isn't
going on the family trip to St.
Barths, it will be really nice
to spend time together.
So I'm excited to go race with
my dad.
>> CAITLYN: We'll go out, have
some fun.
>> KYLIE: Okay.
>> CAITLYN: I like your ring.
>> KYLIE: Thanks.
>> CAITLYN: Do you have enough
rings?
>> KYLIE: No.
>> CAITLYN: No?
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Well, well, well.
>> KRIS: Hello.
>> KIM: Hi.
I just got those and those and
those.
>> KRIS: Hmm.
>> KIM: You love to copy.
>> KRIS: I'm not copying, Monica
brought it.
>> KOURTNEY: Hi, guys.
>> KRIS: Hi.
>> KOURTNEY: You left these at
my house.
>> KRIS: Oh, thank God.
Thank you.
>> KOURTNEY: Wait, what was the
text that you're not coming on
the trip?
>> KRIS: Well, I just don't
think I... that my heart can
handle any more abuse from you
guys, when you get mad...
>> KOURTNEY: When did I abuse
you?
>> KRIS: Well, you didn't.
It was Khloe and Kim.
Mostly Kim, and it's not even
her ex-husband.
>> KIM: Khloe was so upset, so I
was sticking up for her.
I don't think I said anything
that was, like, crazy to you.
>> KRIS: That's the problem, is
you don't realize how much you
hurt people with your words.
Kim can be super aggressive and
super harsh.
>> KIM: You make the worst
decisions.
>> KRIS: She doesn't tell me all
the information.
>> KIM: You sound so stupid.
>> KRIS: Well, then I'm stupid!
She's way out of line to speak
to me like this.
I would never do anything to
intentionally upset my kids, I
just love Lamar.
And she's got to respect that,
too.
>> KIM: You just have a
sentimental thing with Lamar,
and at some point, you have to
get over it.
Because what you did created...
>> KRIS: No.
>> KIM: ...a bigger stream of
problems.
>> KRIS: Okay, but you weren't
going to give me the benefit of
the doubt.
I always want what's best for my
daughter, absolutely.
I want her...
>> KIM: Her talking to Lamar and
you saying, "Lamar deserves a
second chance," that is so wrong
and a... that's being a bad
mother.
>> KRIS: All right, what else do
you want to call me?
I would never speak to somebody
the way you speak to anybody.
>> KIM: It's the truth.
And the truth hurts.
>> KRIS: No, your words hurt.
>> KIM: You don't hold
accountability for thinking that
Lamar deserves a second chance
in Khloe's life?
>> KRIS: I didn't say he now
deserves to be back as her
husband, okay?
I was just saying people in
general...
>> KIM: Even for them to
speak...
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> KIM: ...it's not healthy for
Khloe.
>> KRIS: That's none of my
business, I can't control that.
>> KIM: She's moved on and
now you're...
>> KRIS: Yes, she has.
>> KIM: ...you, solely, are
pulling her back.
>> KRIS: No, you're out of your
mind.
Kim, just stop.
>> KIM: All we were looking for
is for you to say, "(bleep), I
(bleep) up, I'm so sorry."
>> KRIS: That's exactly why I
don't want to go on the trip
with you.
>> KIM: Then don't go.
>> KRIS: I just don't want to be
yelled at anymore.
>> KIM: There is nothing that
bothers me more in life than
someone that doesn't take
accountability for their
actions.
We all just want to have a good
time in St. Barths, so if my mom
is just gonna sit and play the
victim, let's leave her home.
>> KOURTNEY: Mom said, "I'm done
for the day.
Get her out of my house.
She will be moved out by the
time she gets home; she can stay
with Kourt."
>> KIM: Okay.
I'll gladly move out.
What a nice mother she is.
Putting out a pregnant woman and
a child.
I just don't even understand
what my mom was thinking.
Write her back and say, "Kim
will gladly move out."
>> CAITLYN: On the throttle, on
the throttle, on the throttle.
Nice.
>> KYLIE: All right, guys.
>> KENDALL: Where are you going?
>> KYLIE: Don't (bleep) with me.
I woke up at 6:30.
>> KENDALL: I actually can't
believe that Kylie's leaving
right now.
She doesn't have her priorities
straight.
>> KHLOE: We're here!
Oh, my goodness!
(whooping)
Oh, my God!
(shrieking)
>> KIM: "Lamar Odom Speaks Out."
In
magazine.
>> KHLOE: I'm so confused.
This is so out of character for
him.
>> KIM: "Lamar insists, 'That
woman is my wife.'"
♪ ♪
>> CAITLYN: Well, it's good to
do something with my little
girl.
Are you excited, scared?
What is it?
>> KYLIE: I'm excited.
>> CANDIS: So was your car taken
out here for you?
>> KYLIE: Yeah.
>> CAITLYN: Yay!
You can go as fast as you want!
(Candis laughs)
>> KYLIE: How is this legal, to
go as fast as you want?
>> CAITLYN: Well, it's a
racetrack.
>> KYLIE: Fun.
I am so excited to race my car.
I have always wanted to do it.
♪ ♪
(engine revs)
>> CAITLYN: We're gonna go
pretty slow and you're gonna
kind of get an idea of where the
track is.
First.
Okay, second.
(engine revs)
Maybe that's a little fast.
Slow it down.
Wait, wait, wait, wait...
Ah, you got a little wide on
that one.
Keep it... wah, wah, wah.
Is this fun?
>> KYLIE: I want to go fast!
>> CAITLYN: Hit it now.
On the throttle, on the
throttle, on the throttle, on
the throttle.
Keep it in this gear.
Stay to the outside.
Nice.
>> KYLIE: That was a good one.
>> CAITLYN: Yeah, that was a
good one.
>> KENDALL: I'm so excited.
>> CAITLYN: Yay!
>> KENDALL: Hello.
>> CAITLYN: It's a playdate!
Oh, there's Kylie.
>> KENDALL: Puppy!
Let's go!
Oh, my God!
How are you?
>> KYLIE: You need to give her
some water.
>> KENDALL: I think she might
not be okay.
>> KYLIE: No, she's okay.
>> KENDALL: She's really hot.
>> KYLIE: All right, I'm-a take
her, I'm-a take her.
Want to go? Yeah.
All right, guys.
>> KENDALL: Are you leaving?
>> KYLIE: Soon.
>> KENDALL: Where are you going?
>> KYLIE: We've been here since
7:00 in the morning.
So... don't (bleep) with me, I
woke up at 6:30.
>> KENDALL: You should stay for
a skidpad.
It's really fun-- you learn how
to do doughnuts.
You literally get to learn how
to do a doughnut, legally.
>> KYLIE: I've just been here...
I've just been here a really
long time.
>> CAITLYN: All right.
All right, Kendall.
Let's go.
>> KENDALL: I actually can't
believe that Kylie's leaving
right now, just 'cause we never
get to spend time with each
other.
I travel a ton for work, and
even when I'm home in L.A., I
feel like I don't even really
get to see Kylie as often as I'd
like to, and to have a moment to
spend time with your dad and
your sister, I would take it.
>> CAITLYN: Now, what's the deal
with Kylie?
>> KENDALL: She probably saw the
opportunity that you were
occupied and she could go home
and do whatever she wants to do.
>> CAITLYN: Well, don't-don't
say stuff like that, 'cause it's
not, it's...
>> KENDALL: But seriously, she
prob... if I'm being honest, she
was here for you, and then saw
that I was here and felt it was
her opportunity to leave and go
back to being with her friends.
>> CAITLYN: Well, that may be
true, that may be true.
>> KENDALL: I mean, whatever...
>> CAITLYN: 'Cause last night I
tried to get her to go to
dinner, and she...
>> KENDALL: She doesn't have her
priorities straight.
>> CAITLYN: I-I was just
curious, I didn't think it was
anything I had done.
Or you had done.
>> KENDALL: No.
No, it's nothing that we had
done.
>> CAITLYN: Yeah, okay.
All right, well, we're gonna do
the skidpads and stuff.
There you go.
>> KENDALL: Oh, my God!
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Hey, babe.
Do you want a glass of wine?
>> COREY: I-I wanted some, but
I'd rather have you.
>> KRIS: Well, you can, uh,
share mine.
>> COREY: What's going on?
>> KRIS: Want some?
>> COREY: Yeah.
Ah, yeah.
>> KRIS: Um... good.
I'm trying to decide... whether
or not to go to St. Barths.
>> COREY: Is that why you're
looking all gloomy?
>> KRIS: I'm just trying to make
a decision, and it, like...
I just, I feel like I shouldn't
go.
I feel like it's just gonna be a
(bleep) storm of... nonsense.
You know?
>> COREY: Not necessarily.
I think you should just kind of
be the queen you are and just
know they're being kids and just
go enjoy the family.
What's the family without the
mom, the boss lady?
♪ ♪
The founder.
>> KRIS: But that-that's the
problem is they... they're not
kids, they just act like kids.
>> COREY: Well, look at the
glass half-full, you know?
These are, um...
>> KRIS: I do.
>> COREY: ...young, uh, young
women that really look up to
you, so think about how you are.
You can't get emotionally
attached to their attitudes.
They're gonna be what they're
gonna be.
>> KRIS: Yep.
I think that my decision is to
go ahead and go on the family
vacation.
I didn't go on the last one, and
I have great regrets over that
because we make such amazing
memories and I don't want to
miss another trip, especially
when my grandkids are coming.
>> COREY: They learned it from
the best.
And keep it moving.
>> KRIS: We'll keep it moving.
>> COREY: Yeah, baby.
Think about how many times you
might have got under MJ's skin.
I'm sure 200 million, billion
times that you got up under MJ's
skin.
>> KRIS: Okay, let's not get
carried away.
(Corey chuckles)
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: One, two... three.
Come on.
Thank you.
>> KRIS: Yay.
>> KHLOE: We just landed in St.
Barths.
I've always wanted to go to St.
I've never been to Saint
anything, so I'm super-excited.
This landing strip is absolutely
insane.
I personally was not looking out
the window, because I was told
not to or else we would be
terrified.
>> KENDALL: That is the craziest
landing.
Why wouldn't we come in from
that side?
That's what I don't get.
>> KIM: They said it's a famous
airport and people come just to
watch that.
>> KRIS: We took a boat here.
We had our own little yacht with
Uncle Frank and Aunt Kathy...
when you were three months...
five months old.
>> KIM: So my mom decided to
come on the trip, and I am just
gonna let it go.
St. Barths is so beautiful.
I've always wanted to come here.
I want to have a great vacation
with my sisters and my daughter,
and I'm just not gonna pay any
attention to her.
>> KRIS: So pretty.
♪ ♪
>> MASON: I'm gonna spy on
surfers.
>> KHLOE (chuckling): Okay.
I want to spy with you.
♪ ♪
>> PENELOPE: We are here!
>> KHLOE: We're here!
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Oh, my goodness, look
how pretty it is!
>> KIM: So cute!
>> KHLOE: This is beautiful.
Oh, my God.
I swear I thought that was Scott
for a second.
>> KENDALL: Oh, my God, could
you imagine?
>> KHLOE: I thought that was
Scott for a second, this guy
with the plaid shirt.
>> KOURTNEY: Hi, how are you?
>> BENJAMIN: Hi, I'm Benjamin.
>> KOURTNEY: Nice to meet you.
>> BENJAMIN: My partner and I
will welcome to Hotel La Banane.
>> KHLOE: Hi, this is so cute.
>> BENJAMIN: Nice to meet you
too.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my goodness,
sister, look where we are.
>> KENDALL: This is so cute.
>> KOURTNEY: Want to go find
your rooms, guys?
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: This is so cute.
>> KOURTNEY: I think I'm here.
>> KENDALL: Yeah, you're right
there.
>> KOURTNEY: Ooh!
>> KENDALL: They're so cute.
I love it.
Where's Kylie's room?
I'm super-excited about this
family trip.
It's our first all-girls trip.
Kylie's on her way, and I'm
really excited to, like, do
weird, random, adventurous
things together.
>> KOURTNEY: They said we're
gonna see turtles.
>> KENDALL: Oh, my God!
There was, like, a (bleep)
iguana!
It's giant!
Oh, my God, that is the
creepiest thing ever.
>> KOURTNEY: Lizard, Mase.
>> KHLOE: You guys, how cool
is this house?
Really cool.
>> KENDALL: Look at the little
puppy.
Look at the little puppy.
(Penelope giggles)
>> KHLOE: Want more water?
(Penelope speaks indistinctly)
Think the doggie wants some
water.
>> BENJAMIN: Oh, my God.
(Benjamin laughs)
>> PENELOPE: Why drink water?
>> KHLOE: He's thirsty, too.
(chuckling)
>> KRIS: Oh, this is cute.
>> KHLOE: So how did... 'cause I
just don't get, like, how all
this... and Mom ended up coming.
Did you talk to her again?
>> KIM: I mean, I've seen her in
the house, obviously.
>> KRIS: How is she kicking you
out for something she did?
>> KIM: No, she thinks I'm just,
like, mean.
>> KHLOE: She said, "Oh..."
'Cause I told you how she was
like, "I don't... You don't know
the whole story."
>> KIM: I don't want to get,
like, drawn back into it.
>> KHLOE: No, I know, but then
she, like, denies e-everything.
>> KIM: I'm just like, "How am I
getting in the middle of this?"
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
>> KIM: "I'm just sticking up
for Khloe 'cause she was so
upset."
>> KHLOE: I am still pissed at
my mom.
Island life is supposed to be,
like, calm; it's, like, more
slow, laid back.
So I have to stay away, keep my
distance, because it will be
better for the both of us, at
the end of the day.
We can't get back into it again,
it's literally...
>> KIM: I don't want to get back
into it, it's, like, the longest
flight ever.
>> KHLOE: I want to enjoy this
environment, but when I got on
the plane, I saw her, I wanted
to go, "Oh, you're coming."
>> KIM: Yeah.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Ooh, so cute.
Beautiful.
Mmm, it's amazing.
>> KOURTNEY: One, two, three!
Okay, P.
One, two, three!
You have floaties on, you silly
goose.
>> KENDALL: It's fine.
They do it every day.
Like, they've literally done it
so... it's, like, how they land
the planes here.
Like, they're kind of famous for
it, but it's... uh, it's fine.
They've never had an accident
where anyone's ever been hurt.
It's literally a ten-minute
flight, and the process is two
minutes long.
You'll be fine.
Hello?
♪ ♪
Once I got on the plane and I
was terrified, I knew Kylie
would be even more scared,
'cause she is just in general
scared of flying.
(phone line rings)
>> FEMALE VOICE: Your call has
been forwarded to an
automated voice...
>> KENDALL: I hate her so much
sometimes.
I really wish Kylie would get on
this plane, 'cause then she
would just get here quicker and
we could hang out.
It's a little annoying.
>> KOURTNEY: He said they're in
a hotel or something.
People keep telling me that
Scott has gone out of town.
>> KHLOE: You'll die when you
hear this story.
>> KHLOE: How could you not
call?
>> KYLIE: Hey!
>> KIM: You know Tyga's coming.
So he's, like, joining the
family vacay.
>> KENDALL: Like, no, Kylie, you
could have taken this time to be
with your family.
What were you thinking?
♪ ♪
>> WAITER: Here you go.
Pasta salad with, uh, mushroom,
garlic and basil.
>> KHLOE: Thank you.
>> KOURTNEY: What is that?
>> KHLOE (mocking accent):
Chinese chicken salad.
>> KOURTNEY: What kind of accent
is that?
>> KHLOE: I don't know,
Kourtney.
>> KOURTNEY: What are you doing
till shopping and dinner?
>> KHLOE: I don't know.
I haven't really thought about
it.
>> KENDALL: We should start
planning activities.
No, literally, I can't sit.
>> KHLOE: Well, yeah, we didn't
come here--
>> KENDALL: I enjoyed chilling
out for a little bit, but then I
want to, like, do something.
>> KHLOE: I agree.
I don't want to sit here all
day, but I'm also pissed the
paparazzi knows where we are.
>> KOURTNEY: You can't let it
ruin your, don't let it kill
your vibe.
>> KHLOE: I just don't want to
be in a bathing suit, and then--
fuego
body.
Who gives a flying (bleep) if
you are even fat and like--?
>> KHLOE: Yes, Kourtney, yes!
>> KOURTNEY: You got to live
your life; this is your life.
>> KRIS: Hi, ladies.
>> KHLOE: Do you have
white wine?
>> WAITER: Yeah, I do.
>> KHLOE: Do you want white
wine?
>> WAITER: I'll go
bring some over.
>> KHLOE: Thank you.
>> KRIS: I would love a glass of
wine.
You can just pour, it's okay.
>> WAITER: Yeah?
>> KRIS: Mm-hmm, thank you.
I know that it tastes fine.
>> KOURTNEY: And if it didn't
taste good, you would--
>> KHLOE: You would still drink
it.
>> KRIS: You got that right.
So, wait-- is there any update
on Scott?
>> KOURTNEY: No, Joe just said,
"Oh, my God, you'll die when you
hear this story."
And then I, he said, "Call me."
But I called and he didn't
answer.
>> KHLOE: I was gonna say, "How
could you not call?"
I would be like, "Dahling..."
I would be calling and calling.
>> KOURTNEY: He said they're in
a hotel or something.
People keep telling me that
Scott has gone out of town, but,
like, at this point, there's
really nothing that I could hear
that's worse than anything else
I've heard.
So I just want to enjoy my
vacation, and not spend it
thinking about what Scott's up
to, because at this point it
just doesn't matter.
>> KRIS: Who wanted white wine?
Is it legal to drink here?
>> KHLOE: What, now you're gonna
step in?
Now you have something to say?
>> KRIS: Kendall and Kylie are,
can legally drink right now on
this island?
That's the scariest thing I've
ever heard.
>> KHLOE: Ten, nine, eight...
I only got down to eight.
Pretty good.
>> KOURTNEY: For what?
>> KHLOE: To talk me out of,
like, being crazy.
>> KRIS: Screaming at me and
going, "That's your infomercial
voice."
No, but seriously...
>> KENDALL: Do you want to go
ride on the things while they're
getting ready?
>> KRIS: Oh, my God.
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
>> KENDALL: Go put clothes on.
I'm gonna go put my pants on.
Squad meet up in ten.
>> KRIS: No, it's okay.
I'm good.
No need to worry about me.
>> KHLOE: Thank you so much for
food.
>> KRIS: (bleep) fabulous.
(engines revving)
>> KENDALL: Sister?
>> KHLOE: Oh!
♪ ♪
(both screaming, clamoring)
We all came to St. Barths to
get away, I think, from all of
our problems and just kind of
have a release of life and enjoy
and step away.
I cannot hear the moaning and
the groaning and the
complaining.
And thank God Kendall's here.
And thank God I have a partner
in crime.
(both clamoring)
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God, it's
coming right here!
>> KENDALL: This is so scary.
(screams): Khloe!
(Khloe screams)
>> KENDALL: Right--
Oh, my God!
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: What a beautiful
restaurant.
>> KENDALL: Who's going
paragliding?
>> KHLOE: I am.
>> KENDALL: I truly think you're
gonna pussy out.
>> KHLOE: No, I'm not!
First of all, have more faith
in your sister.
>> KENDALL: No, 'cause I know
you're terrified of the ocean,
so I think you're gonna get out
there--
>> KHLOE: But it's clear ocean!
So if it's clear, I'm not gonna
be scared!
You guys always take me to dark
waters.
Why would I want to swim where
it's black?
Where the black monster is.
There's a big sea lion under me
or whatever they are, a sea
monster.
>> KOURTNEY: Since when have you
ever been afraid of a big,
black snake?
>> KHLOE: I'm not afraid of a
big, black snake.
I'm afraid of a big, black, big
(growls)
I'm going.
>> KENDALL: Okay.
>> KIM: Kendall, you know Tyga's
coming.
Kylie invited Tyga.
>> KOURTNEY: When is he coming?
>> KIM: Tomorrow.
So he's, like, joining the
family vacay.
Um, I think it's just weird that
she wouldn't ask any of us,
especially since we made it a
point to have it be a girls'
trip.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KIM: Totally, like...
>> KENDALL: You could've taken
this time to be with your
family.
I'm sure we all had someone we
wanted to bring.
Mom, Khloe...
So that's a little annoying.
I was really looking forward to
being with Kylie on this trip.
And not that I don't love Tyga,
but having him around kind of
takes Kylie away from me.
I don't think spending time with
me is very important to her.
>> KRIS: I don't think she's
doing anything maliciously.
I think you guys are a little
hard on her, because you guys
forget that you all went through
the same thing.
I could bring up some memories
of some real doozies where you
guys have brought your
boyfriends and really didn't ask
anybody, just said this one's
coming or that one's coming.
I don't think Kylie knew that it
was all-girls trip, because I
told Kylie it was okay to bring
Tyga.
She just turned 18, and this is
the first time that she's really
been able to go on a family
trip with a boyfriend.
And we all had your boyfriends
on our trips.
>> KHLOE: Listen, I get it.
I'd rather be with a man, too.
>> KIM: I actually would.
I would love to be here with my
family.
>> KRIS: I understand where
you're coming from.
I'm just saying try to be
understanding.
>> KOURTNEY: Wait, I just found
this girl's Instagram.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
So, Scott's with two girls?
>> KIM: This is the first trip
without Scott.
He's still causing a problem.
I just hope it doesn't ruin the
trip.
>> KRIS: This is why God made
treadmills.
>> KIM: You're such a downer.
Yeah, seriously.
>> KRIS: I'm feeling like the
fifth wheel.
Maybe coming on this trip was a
mistake.
I'm exhausted.
>> KHLOE: Mom, stop complaining.
>> KHLOE: Ky!
Kylie?
You, oh, you need to wake up.
>> KYLIE: It's daytime?
>> MASON: Yeah.
>> KENDALL: Kylie ended up
taking the ferry, which made her
get in last night, and she went
straight to sleep, so I don't
really get to spend any time
with her before Tyga gets here.
>> MASON: And then me and P have
new, big hands.
>> KHLOE: This is how Kylie gets
woken up.
>> KYLIE: Are these to, like,
wake me up, these tools?
>> KHLOE: Shake her hand with
your new hand.
Say nice to meet you.
>> KYLIE: I had boat rides and
it took three planes to get to
St. Barths, so I'm a little
jet-lagged.
Sorry, guys, I just need more
sleep.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
Come on, out the room.
Say bye to Kylie.
>> MASON: Bye, Kylie.
>> KHLOE (laughs): Oh!
P, say bye.
>> KYLIE: Bye, P.
>> KHLOE: P doesn't want to
talk, let's go.
(door closes)
♪ ♪
>> LOiC: Good morning.
How are you?
>> KHLOE: Good morning.
Good, how are you?
>> KOURTNEY: Good, how are you?
>> LOiC: I'm good, thank you.
>> KRIS: Hello, nice to see you.
I'm Kris. What's your name?
>> LOiC: Loic.
>> KRIS: Loic?
>> LOiC: Loic, yes.
>> KHLOE: Hi, I'm Khloe.
>> LOiC: How are you? Loic.
So you are ready to work out?
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
Kourtney has joined my therapy
system in working out.
She has fallen in love with
working out, just as I have.
And so, we have planned to have
a trainer in St. Barths; someone
local.
We want to be active, be
outside.
Like, explore St. Barths.
>> LOiC: We're gonna do the
hike.
>> KHLOE: The hike we're really
excited about.
It's gonna be beautiful.
>> KOURTNEY: Wait, I just found
this girl's Instagram.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
So, Scott's with two girls?
>> KOURTNEY: I guess.
>> KHLOE: We're having drama.
>> KOURTNEY: We're just
Instagram-stalking some people.
Let me see.
People keep sending me screen
grabs of different Instagrams
and pictures of Scott here and
there, and it's like, I don't
even want to know, but then, you
know, it's, like, how can you
not look?
>> KHLOE: Who's that chick?
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
One of the people tagged.
Oh, it's... yeah, she was there.
And, like, on this...
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
Not cute at all.
>> KIM: Scott's in Mexico.
This is the first trip without
him.
He's still causing a problem.
I think Kourtney needs to just
not really worry about what
everyone's texting.
I feel bad that she's, you know,
paying attention to it.
I just hope it doesn't ruin the
trip.
>> KRIS: Okay, guys.
Get off your e-mail.
It's time to work out.
>> KIM: I'm so proud of all of
you guys.
You guys are in such good shape.
You really take this seriously.
>> KHLOE: I was, and then I
fell off.
>> KIM: No, you did not.
>> KHLOE: No, I kind of did, and
then I told people after the
Hamptons, "Never bring Nilla
cookies around me again," and
they were in that room last
night, and Kylie and I were in
there for a good seven minutes.
And a lot of damage could be
done in seven minutes.
♪ ♪
>> KYLIE: I think I see a shiny
thing in the sky.
>> MAN: Yeah, there's a plane
right there.
(Kylie shrieks)
>> KYLIE: What was that?!
I am so excited to see Tyga.
I love having T around.
I feel like he just keeps me
sane and he always wants to do
everything that I want to do and
we love going on adventures.
Yay!
>> TYGA: Yo, that was the
craziest landing ever.
>> KYLIE: No way.
>> TYGA: That was.
You wouldn't believe; I was
scared.
>> KYLIE: I watched a little bit
of it, like, I saw your plane
coming in.
>> TYGA: And that runway was so
short, it was just like...
You would've freaked out.
>> KYLIE: This is the first time
I'm bringing a guy on a family
trip, so I'm a little nervous
about how it's gonna go.
♪ ♪
>> LOiC: Here we are.
Let's go.
>> KRIS: Oh, this is pretty.
>> KHLOE: It's so pretty.
>> KIM: I swear, I could look
totally not pregnant in photos.
>> KRIS: We have to go all the
way back?
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
>> KRIS: This is why God made
treadmills.
>> KHLOE: Why?
This is so much nicer than being
inside.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, what are you
even talking about?
>> KRIS: I'm kidding.
>> KIM: You're such a
downer to work out with.
>> KHLOE: Let's be positive.
>> KIM: Yeah, seriously.
>> KHLOE: To hear someone in the
back of me saying, "That's why
God created treadmills"?
No. God created Mother Nature,
this mountain, this beautiful
beach that we're hiking on.
Like, when are we gonna do this
again?
Let's enjoy it.
>> KIM: Girls, get over here.
We all need a selfie.
Kourtney, get over here.
Look at this.
>> KHLOE: What is happening?
>> KIM: How pretty is that
selfie?
>> KOURTNEY: Mom wants to be in
it.
>> KIM: Will you get out?
>> KRIS: Whatever.
Forget it.
One day, when I'm gone, you guys
are gonna try to find a picture
of me and you're gonna go, "I
remember the time we were in
this city," and then you're
gonna look and go, "Nope, she's
not in it."
>> KIM: Well, I have so many
pictures to remember.
>> KRIS: I hate to be a baby,
but I'm feeling like the fifth
wheel.
It's my vacation, too.
I want to have fun and I want to
bond with my kids and when
they're angry, I feel...
not right.
Maybe coming on this trip was a
mistake.
>> KHLOE: It's so nice.
>> KOURTNEY: Debbie Downer's
coming, too.
>> KRIS: I need a raft and a
drink.
I'm exhausted.
>> KHLOE: Mom, stop complaining.
>> KRIS: Oh, my God.
You guys are a tough crowd
today.
>> KIM: It was, like,
specifically a girls' trip and
had said that.
>> KENDALL: She has to, like,
make an effort to be with us.
And bringing your boyfriend on a
vacation is not making an effort
at all.
>> KIM: Oh, my God.
"Lamar insists, 'That woman is
my wife.'"
>> KRIS: We also have to
consider...
>> KIM: He did an interview,
Mom.
He sat down with them.
Stop protecting him.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: ...I only have it to
look.
>> KYLIE: Got a new member.
(Khloe whoops)
>> KHLOE: New member!
>> KOURTNEY: Welcome.
>> TYGA: How you guys doing?
>> KENDALL: All right.
>> KHLOE: Welcome to Hotel La
Banane.
>> TYGA: You guys take that
flight out here?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Scary.
>> KIM: I literally have
whiplash; I have whiplash.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, for sure.
>> KENDALL: Where did the name
"Tyga" come from?
>> TYGA: You really want to
know?
>> KENDALL: I really want to
know.
>> TYGA: From, like, my mom.
She said that, um, I looked like
Tiger Woods when I was little.
So she used to call me that.
>> KENDALL: She used to call you
"Tiger Woods"?
>> TYGA: No, no, no, like, it
was "Tiger."
>> KENDALL: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> TYGA: And then I just
switched the spelling.
T-Y-G-A.
>> KENDALL: Yeah.
>> TYGA: Which means, "Thank You
God, Always."
>> KENDALL: Oh.
>> TYGA: So put, like, a little
swing on it, you know, like a
meaning, you know?
>> KENDALL: Yeah.
Oh, cool.
>> TYGA: That's how I came up
with my rap name.
>> KENDALL: Fun story.
Tell it again.
So, like, what's going on today?
Are we done with our activity
for the day?
Do you want to go on that hike
later?
There's this natural pool in
rocks.
We should do that.
And you can go swim in it.
>> KOURTNEY: It was so worth it.
>> KYLIE: Sunset hike?
>> KENDALL: At this point, I
can't do anything about Kylie
inviting Tyga on the trip, so
I'm just gonna make the best of
it and hope that we can kind of
all do things together?
>> TYGA: Is it a long hike?
>> KOURTNEY: Like, 30 minutes.
We did it this morning.
Like, we jumped in... it was,
like, a lagoon.
It was like, there was no waves.
>> KYLIE: I don't think I'm just
gonna want to be ready.
♪ ♪
>> KOURTNEY: He's here.
(Khloe laughing)
>> PENELOPE: Why are we going
back and forth, KoKo?
>> KHLOE: Um, back and forth
like rocking?
>> PENELOPE: But why?
>> KHLOE: 'Cause there's waves
in the ocean.
>> KYLIE: I may not use that.
I might just stay on... oh,
yeah, I'll have it.
>> KENDALL: Want to come, T?
>> TYGA: What if we flip over?
>> KENDALL: We won't.
Come on. You just swam.
>> TYGA: Want to do this?
>> KENDALL: I actually really
like Tyga and I enjoy that he's
here, but I really thought Kylie
would do this with me, 'cause we
really love to do adventurous
stuff together.
>> KHLOE: Mason, are you
driving?
That's so cute.
Have fun, Mase.
Tyga and Kylie...?
Does anyone care that Kylie and
T are just doing the damn thing?
>> KENDALL: She has to, like,
make an effort to be with us.
And bringing your boyfriend on a
vacation is not making an effort
at all to hang out with us.
>> KHLOE: Like, right now, her
and Tyga are downstairs
sleeping.
>> KIM: It was, like,
specifically a girls' trip and
we had said that.
And I don't know if that memo
got to Kylie.
>> KHLOE: It's also not Tyga's
job.
It's more Kylie's job to, like,
you know, like, balance it all.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Lamar had a sit-down
In Touch.
>> KENDALL: I saw something
about him saying... him
admitting he's still in love
with you and that you're still
in love with him.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Mom, you have purple
veins.
>> KRIS: I...
>> KIM: Is that what you were
talking about?
You talk to me about your veins
all day long and now, when I
say, "Oh, I see what you were
talking about..."
>> KRIS: Oh, I never even...
This one?
>> KIM: No, that one, yeah.
>> KHLOE: I thought you could
get those lasered.
It's like, I'm sorry, after
seeing that Caitlyn could go
from a man to a woman, you could
do anything.
>> KIM: Oh, my God.
I don't know if you want to hear
this.
>> KHLOE: What?
>> KIM: I just got an e-mail.
This is so sad.
"Lamar Odom Speaks Out, Calls
Khloe 'My Wife' and 'Soul Mate.'
'We'll never be parted.'
During the lengthy interview
magazine..."
In
magazine.
"...Lamar insists 'That woman is
my wife.
Without the ring on my finger.
Even with her picture being
taken with another man, this
woman is still my wife.
She's my soul mate,' Lamar told
the mag."
>> KHLOE: I don't get why Lamar
is saying this and making things
so public right now.
I think it's so out of character
for him.
I'm so confused.
>> KIM: "Lamar also said, 'We'll
never be apart.
I will never consider myself
serious with another woman.
To sum it up, if a man is
attempting to court Khloe, he's
probably wasting his time.
Seeing Khloe with another man is
weird, because I really know how
she feels about me.'"
Why is he meeting with these
people, day after day?
>> KRIS: But we also have to
magazine is
taking stuff from the...
>> KIM: He did an interview,
Mom.
He sat down with them.
Stop protecting him.
>> KRIS: I'm not protecting him.
>> KIM: You are. You are.
We're not going to get into this
whole fight all over again.
>> KRIS: All right.
♪ ♪
>> KOURTNEY: How pretty.
We got the good seats, guys.
>> KENDALL: We get the ocean.
>> KOURTNEY: This is so pretty.
>> TYGA: Think I'm gonna get a
black light tattoo on my face.
It's gonna be, like, almost
clear.
>> KOURTNEY: So, in the dark--?
>> TYGA: So, like, if I had it
on--
>> KENDALL: But even on your
skin tone?
>> KOURTNEY: Don't risk it.
You better find out.
>> KENDALL: Yeah, you should
test it on your skin somewhere
else first, 'cause if you, if
that happens and then you can
see it?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
Yay!
>> KYLIE: Hey, guys.
>> KOURTNEY: They have arrived.
You look good, everyone.
>> MASON: Hi.
>> KIM: Khlo, does that bother
you or no?
>> KHLOE: Yeah, not in a bad--
I mean, it just makes me sad.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: I don't know why he's,
I've never known him to be that
whatsoever.
>> KOURTNEY: Who?
>> KHLOE: Lamar had a sit-down
In Touch.
>> KIM: In the interview, he's
like, "I know Khloe still tells
me she's in love with me--"
>> KHLOE: He said he didn't want
anyone to date me again.
But why would it be two and a
half years later are you now
gonna say this?
>> KIM: I think he's making it
seem like Khloe is still in love
with him, so it's harder for
another guy to want to, like,
jump in.
You know what I mean?
>> KOURTNEY: I feel bad for
Khloe, because I know she's just
trying to move on with her life.
And what's being written makes
it hard to do that.
>> KIM: I feel like you can't
respond.
You can't put up a quote.
You can't do any of that.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, I wasn't online.
And now that I am, it's, like,
everywhere, that story.
>> KOURTNEY: Really?
>> KENDALL: I saw something
about him saying, him admitting
he's still in love with you and
that you're still in love with
him, but that's all I saw.
>> KHLOE: Everything Lamar's
saying is true.
Like, I do love Lamar.
That's never been a question if
we love each other.
But Lamar is all talk and no
action.
For two years, I've wanted Lamar
to try.
to show me some effort.
But nothing ever changes.
It definitely makes me sad,
because I still believe he is my
soul mate.
But sometimes we lose our
soul mates and it's okay.
You know, right now, I have to
do what's best for me.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Anything that's dirty,
what do you do with?
>> KHLOE: It's inside out.
>> KRIS: Oh.
>> KHLOE: Socks, bras,
T-shirts-- anything.
So I know when I'm home what's
dirty and what's clean.
>> KRIS: You are so smart.
>> KHLOE: So everything stays
inside out.
>> KRIS: You should write an
organizational book.
>> KHLOE: I do feel bad that I
am so hard on my mom.
When we date someone, it's,
like, my mom's dating them, too,
in the best way.
She's always supportive.
And that's a beautiful trait
that she has.
But sometimes, she is too
involved.
I do forgive her for giving out
my phone number.
It was a mistake.
I know her intentions were good.
At the end of the day, we both
love Lamar, and I love that love
that she has for him.
And I wouldn't want to change
that for anything in the world.
>> KRIS: I'd like to borrow it
for something after you wear it.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, you could borrow
it.
See, I'm not like your other
daughters.
I actually share my clothes.
>> KRIS: You do.
You made me look really good in
the south of France.
That's cute.
All right, now you're making me
feel like I should go get
organized.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: I'm gonna paint my
nails on Saturday.
What color should I paint them?
>> PENELOPE: Pink.
>> KHLOE: Pink?
Okay.
>> PENELOPE: Because I want your
nails to be pink.
>> KHLOE: Okay, I'll paint pink
nails on Saturday.
>> KRIS: You look beautiful.
>> KHLOE: So do you.
>> MASON: KoKo!
>> KHLOE: Uh, who said that?
>> KRIS: Merman.
>> KHLOE: Is there a merman
in...? Oh!
>> KRIS: There's a merman.
>> KHLOE: Oh, I see you.
I had no idea who said that.
>> KENDALL: I've never had one.
>> KRIS: Oh, my God.
>> KHLOE: Is that chicken?
>> KOURTNEY: This is so good.
I cannot wait, guys, for the
crepes.
>> KENDALL: Remember that crepe
place we used to go to in
Mammoth, Kylie?
>> KYLIE: Um, I've never had a
crepe until, like, this year.
>> KOURTNEY: Where's Tyga?
>> KRIS: Over there.
>> KYLIE: Where is he, Mom?
>> KOURTNEY: He's like, "I
cannot sit with these crazy
people anymore."
>> KYLIE: I'm gonna bring this
to T right now.
(indistinct chatter)
>> KHLOE: Oh, really?
>> KOURTNEY: I'm just saying
it's a lot to handle.
>> KRIS: So, wait, Kim?
>> KIM: Yeah?
>> KRIS: What day are you moving
out?
>> KIM: Is this for real?
(Kris laughs)
>> KRIS: Just kidding.
>> KIM: No, tell me.
I would just go to a hotel.
>> KOURTNEY: When I was hotel
hopping, it was so fun.
>> KRIS: Do not egg her on.
I just wanted to see what she
would say.
>> KIM: Till December.
>> KRIS: To being roommates for
a really long time.
>> KIM: You love it.
You get all your fashion
inspiration.
>> KRIS: I know.
You're kind of like a dream come
true.
And I love you.
>> KIM: And I love you, too.
>> KRIS: Although Khloe is being
so strong, I know that she is
hurting inside.
I can now see Kim's point of
view a little bit about
giving Lamar Khloe's number.
Because it does open up all
those wounds again.
And so I'm just gonna do the
best I can to be there for her
and not overstep my boundaries.
>> KOURTNEY: We were talking at
lunch-- you weren't there--
about who would survive on a
deserted island out of all of
us.
>> KHLOE: Who would?
>> KENDALL: We said you.
>> KOURTNEY: They said me and
you.
>> KIM: I would bow out.
>> KRIS: I'm right behind her.
I'm gonna carry her bags.
>> KYLIE: You guys don't
understand-- I'm a survivor.
>> KOURTNEY: I think Kylie would
be the first down, and actually,
Ken, I may have to say you may
not be a survivor.
>> KRIS: Oh, really?
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Her boobs are like two
pillows... right?
>> KHLOE: Kim's? They're huge.
>> KIM: Yeah, they're huge.
>> KRIS: Yeah, they're
literally, they're bigger than
my little pillows that I have.
>> KIM: But what can I do?
>> KRIS: Nothing.
>> KHLOE: They're ginormous.
>> KIM: Seriously, what can I
do?
>> KRIS: How do your clothes
even fit?
>> KIM: They don't.
That's the problem.
>> KOURTNEY: Ken, look.
I did investigating this morning
and then I found this...
and this person and then they
tagged all these people, so it
was, like, such a good
investigating morning.
>> KENDALL: Oh, wow.
>> KHLOE: What?
I know, like, once you start
cyber-stalking someone,
constantly checking someone's
page, seeing if they posted
something new, you become
addicted.
>> KOURTNEY: This guy we know.
>> MASON: Mom?
>> KOURTNEY: And then
we were looking--
>> KYLIE: She did, she did
tag herself?
>> MASON: Mom?
>> KOURTNEY: No. Yes, Mace?
That random girl and then all
these people.
>> KHLOE: So for Kourtney to
just get so wrapped up in that,
I understand it.
We've all been there.
But I want Kourtney to
disconnect from that world for a
little bit, 'cause it becomes so
unhealthy.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm gonna go change
so I'll be ready.
>> KRIS: I read something on
Kourtney and Scott, so I threw
it away.
She's just really insecure right
now.
We have to be a little more
sensitive, because she is
sensitive, you know?
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KRIS: She's just kind of
living on her phone.
She keeps, like, looking for
stuff, like--
>> KHLOE: I mean, it becomes,
like, obsessive.
>> KIM: I see it happen all too
much.
When so many people post things
on social media, I mean, you
just know people are gonna send
it to Kourtney.
So I think Scott kind of knows
what he's doing.
Every time Kourtney makes a move
to just, you know, kind of
better herself, he does
something to get her attention.
And that just makes me sad.
>> KHLOE: And then you get fed
up, and you're, it's, then you
realize how toxic it is.
>> KIM: On the next episode...
>> KHLOE: Kourtney can't be the
only hot girl here.
That's amazing!
>> KRIS: Do you see yourself
with somebody else?
>> KOURTNEY: Not really.
>> KRIS: Do you think the one is
Scott?
>> KOURTNEY: I did.
>> KHLOE: You say, "Oh, I don't
have a family," and then we give
you one.
Why do you, like, destroy it?
>> SCOTT (crying): It's just
been a really hard time going
from, like, having all of you
guys to having nobody.
Captioning sponsored by
BUNIM-MURRAY PRODUCTIONS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org